[docs] Fix titles and links (#19953)
yugabyte/yugabyte-db: docs/content/preview/yugabyte-platform/create-deployments/async-replication-platform.md

type: docs
---

> YugabyteDB Anywhere allows you to use its UI or [API](https://api-docs.yugabyte.com/docs/yugabyte-platform/f10502c9c9623-yugabyte-db-anywhere-api-overview) to manage asynchronous replication between independent YugabyteDB clusters. You can perform deployment via unidirectional (master-follower) or [bidirectional](#set-up-bidirectional-replication) (multi-master) xCluster replication between two data centers.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
YugabyteDB Anywhere allows you to use its UI or [API](../../anywhere-automation/anywhere-api/) to manage asynchronous replication between independent YugabyteDB clusters. You can perform deployment via unidirectional (master-follower) or [bidirectional](#set-up-bidirectional-replication) (multi-master) xCluster replication between two data centers.
```

In the concept of replication, universes are divided into the following categories:

> 

Reviewer: xcluster links below are absolute

For additional information on xCluster replication in YugabyteDB, see the following:

> 

Reviewer: Both links broken
